# SmartHealthcare

Internet of Things (IoT) sensors are used in a hospital setting to assist patients and physicians remotely. Physicians communicate with their patients to keep track of their overall health status. Healthcare, on the other side, is a data-intensive operation owing to the vast volume of real-time patient data generated by IoT devices. The challenge of extracting valuable functionality from real-time data traffic for effective patient recommendation is extremely difficult. As a consequence, intelligent healthcare infrastructure is needed to evaluate real-time health problems and forecast effective medications based on the symptoms of diseases. An IoT architecture model for smart health care is introduced in this article. In order to predict effective medications for patients, this model employs clustering and Machine Learning (ML) techniques. To begin, the spark is used to handle the data that has been stored on distributed servers. Second, for disease-based categorization, the K-means clustering algorithm is used to organize similar features into classes. Third, indicator strategies such as nave Bayes and random forest are employed to identify appropriate medications for patients. The tests were carried out using two regular Unique Client Identifier (UCI) machine learning datasets. The first dataset includes multiple categories of thyroid disorders, while the second dataset contains medications with proposed remedies. The experimental findings show that the proposed model's consistency, i.e., precision, is superior in predicting the most appropriate medications for patients, resulting in a highly efficient healthcare delivery service in the Internet of Things.
